Day three of making Pixel Brawl.
Yesterday we added punches and
crouching. Now it's time to actually hit
something. So far he can move, crouch,
and throw a jab, but there's no impact.
No hit boxes, no knock back, no target.
I already had a copy of the player just
standing there staring at us. So I went
into Pixel Lab to make a new character
instead. built him fast in the character
creator, gave him east and west idle
animations, and yeah, he's the perfect
test dummy. Then I told Claude to import
him using the Pixel Lab MCP and replace
the old placeholder in game. After that,
I told Claude to handle the combat
logic, add hit boxes, hurt boxes, and
knock back when attacks connect. Now,
when the jab lands, the NPC slides back
and flashes. And yeah, it works. The jab
connects, the dummy reacts, and for the
first time, it actually feels like a
fighting game. That's day three. Hit
boxes, knock back, and our first real
opponent. What should we add next? Come
back for day four.